## Excuse me
### Whoes handbag is it?
Execute(x) me
What's matter? (a=)
Is it(x) your handbag?
Please say it again/I beg you pardon
Is it(x) your handbag?
Yes,it is
Thank you very much.

## Sorry,sir
### Does the man get his u back?
Give me my big coat and u (ax)
This is my sign(x) 
Thanks,sir
No.5
This(X) is your umbrella and big coat
This is not my umbrella
Sorry sir
Is this your umbrella?
No ,this(x) is not
Is this? (ax)
Yes, This(x) is
Thanks every(x) much

## Nice to meet you
### Is Change-woo Chinese
Good morning.
Good morning,Mr Brake(X)
This is Miss SofeiYa.Dubang
Sfy is a new student
She is French
Sfy, This is Hansi (X)
He is Geeman (X)
Nice to meet you
This is Zhizi
She is Japaness (X)
Nice to meet you
This is luming
He is Chinese
Nice to meet you
She is Xiaohui
She is Chinese too.
Nice to meet you


## Are you a teacher?
### What is Rober's job
I am (x) new student
My name is Robert
Nice to meet you
My name is Sophie
Area you French?
Yes I am French (X)
And you? (X)
No,I am not
Where are you from? (cx)
I am from Itali(x) (cx)
Are you a teacher?
No,I am not
What is your work (x)?
I am a [computer writer ] (x)
And you? (cx)
I am an  engineer

## How are you today?
### How is Emma
Hello, Helen.
Hello, Sdiwen （x）.
How are you today?
Fine (cx),Thank you.
And you?
Fine too (cx),Thanks.
What's about Tony? (ax)
He is fine,Thanks. 
What's about Emma? (ax)
She is find too (cx),Hailen. 
Good bye,Hailen.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too,Sdiwen
Good bye.

## Is this your shirt?
### Whoes shirt is white
Whoes shirt? (ax)
Daifu,is this your shirt? (顺序x)
No,sir.
It isn't my shirt. (It's not)
This is my shirt.
My shirt is blue.
Is this Jimu's shirt? (sx)
Maybe,sir. (cx)
Jimu's shirt is white.
Jimu!
What's the matter,sir.
Is this your shirt?
Yes,sir?
Here you are.
Catch!
Thank you,sir.

## A new dress
### What's color is your new dress? (what 后面去掉is) 
It is green.
go upstair （ax）
Thanks.
Look,
This is. (ax)
The dress looks very well (cx),so beautifull(cx).
My hat is new too.
What's color is it? (what 后面去掉’s)
Same color,is green too. (前面加It's)
That's really is a cute(cx) hat.

## Your passports,please.
## Is there a problem with the Customs officer
Are you Swiden (x)?
No,we are not.
We are Dannese (x).
Are your friends Dannese too?
No They are not.
They are nowese (x).
Passport please (cx)
Here you are. (you to they)
Is this your boxes (c)？ (ax) 
No,It isn't. (ax)
Our boxes is zs ()
Here they are. 
Do you travel there? (cx)
Yes,We do
Do your friend travel there too?
Yes,They do
Ok.

## How do you do
### What are Michael Baker and Jeremy Short's jobs
Come here to meet our employees,Mr zhali. (ax)
Thank you ,Mr Jks (Jackson)
This is Nkl.Gl (Nicola Grey).
This is Kle.Tl (ax)
How do you do!
That(x) girl is so qk(x). 
What's(x) they(x) job?
They are computer typist. (x)
This is beike.mkl (Michael Baker).
This is xiaoke.limi (Jeremy Short)
How do you do!
They are not (+) busy!
What's(X) they(X) job?
They are sales (+).
They are very lazy.
Who is the yong(x) man?
He is Jim,Our office‘s assistant


## Tired and thirsty
### Why do the children thank their mother
What's the matter,chldren?
We are tired,thisrt too (cx),Mum.
Sit dowm here.
Are you ok now? (cx)
No, not yet (cx)
Look!
There's an ice cream man
Two ice creams please.
Here you are,children.
Thanks,Mum.
These ice creams are delicious.
Are you all right now?
Yes,that all right(ax),Thanks!

## Which book?
### Which book does the man want?
Give me a book please,Jim.
Whitch book? (ax)
Is This one? (ax)
No, it isn't.(ax) The red one.
Is this one? (ax)
Yes,Please give me.(jc)
Here you are.
Thanks.

## Which glasses
### Which glasses does the man want?
Please give some glasses,Jane.(oc)
Which glasses? 
Is these? (ax)
No,it is not. (ax)
The ones on the shelf.
Is these？(ax)
Yes,Please give me (jc)
Here you are.
Thanks.










