## Mrs Smith's kitchen
### What colour is the electric cooker
Mrs Smith's kitchen is small
The is an electric refrigerator in the kitchen
The refrigertor is white
It is on the right side of the room
The is an electric cooker in the kitchen
It is blue
It is on left side of the room
The is a table on the middle of the room
The is a bottle on the table
The bottle is empty
The is a cup on the table too
The cup is clean

## Mrs.Smith's living room
### Where are the books
Mrs.Smith's living room is large
The is a TV in the living room
The TV is near the window
The are few magazine on the TV
The are a table in the room
The are some newspapers on the table
The are some stereo in the room
The armchirs near the table
The are some stereo in the room
The stereo near the door
The are some books on the stereo
The are some pictures in the room
The pictures are on the wall

## Come in,Amy
### How must Amy clean the floor
Come in,Amy
Please close the door/Shut the door please
The bed room is not untidy(xc)
What must i do, Mrs Jones? (xc)
Open the window,Vent/air the room
Then (xc) put these clothes in to the wardrobe
then make the bed
then wipe the dust for the dresser/dust the dresser(dressing table)
then sweep the floor

## Where's Sally
### Is the cat climbing the tree
Where is Sally ,Jack?
She is in the garden,Jean (x)
What is she doing？
She is siting under the tree
Is Tim in the garden too? (h)
Yes he is
He is climbing the tree.
What did you say? (cx) / I beg your pardon?
Who is climbing the tree?
Tim is climbing the tree. (cx) / Tim is
Where is the dog? （cx）/What about the dog
The dog is in garden too.
It is runing in the grass.
It is chasing(running after) a cat. (cx)

## A fine day
### Where is the Jones family
It is a fine day.
The a some cloud in the sky
But it is sunny (cx) / The sun is shining
Mr Jones is with his family
They are walking over the bridge (h)
There are some boats on the river
Mr Jones are(x) looking at the boats with his wife
Sally is looking at a big ship
The ship is goging under the bridge (h)
Tim is looking at the airplane
The airplane is flying over the river

## Our village
### Are the children comming out of the park or going into it
This is a picture/photograph about our village (about change)
Our village is on(c) the valley
It is middle of two peaks (cx)
It near by a river (c not neer is on,remember)
It is other picture about our village (Here is another)
My wife and i ware walking near by the river (not near ,walking along the banks of river )
We ware at(x) left of the river
There was(is) a boy on(x) the river
He was (swmming)croing the river
There is another picture
There is an(xc) school building
It was neer by park (not neer by ,beside )
The park is on the right
There ware some children coming out of the building
Some of them are going in to the park

## Making a bookcase
### What's Susan's favourite colour?
You are working-hard (can be split),George
What are you doing?
I'm making a bookcase.
Please give me that hammer，Dan
Whitch hammer?
This one?
No,it isn't (not that one)
The big one.
Here you are
Thanks,Dan
What are you going to do (+),George?
I'm going to paint it
What colour ware you going to paint?
I want to paint it pink
Pink!
This bookcase is not for me
This bookcase(cx) is for my do daughter
Pink is her favourite colour.

## Don't drop it
### Where does Sam put the vase in the end
What do you going to do with the(cx) vase,Penny
I'm going to put it on this table,Sam
Don't put it there (cx)
Give it to me
What are you going to do
I'm going to put (+) here,front of the window
Be careful
Don't drop it
Don't put it there,Sam
Put it here,the shelf (cx shelf)
Ok! (cx)
It is a beautiful/lovely (cx) vase
The flower (复数) is lovely too.

## Penny's bag
### Who is the tin of tobacco for
That bag is heavy,Penny? (cx)
Not very
Here
Put it on this chair
What's in it?
A piece of cheese
A loaf  of bread
A bar of chocolate
A bottle of milk
A pound of sugar
A quarter pound of tea
And a tin of tobacco
That tin of tobacco is for me?
Yes,Of course is not for me

## Hurry up
### How do you know Sam doesn't make the tea often
Can you make the tea,Sam?
Yes,of course/Centainly,Penny
Is there any water in this kettle?
Yes,There is
Where is the tea?
There they are
Behind the teapot
can you see it?
I can see th kettle
But i cann't see the tea
That is! (x)
It is front of you
Oh,yes,I find(c) it now
Where are the tea cups? (复数)
There are some in (+) cupstore(x)
Can you find it (复数)?
I find it ,Here is (ax)
Quickly(Hurry),Sam
The water is warn (ax)

## The boss's letter
### Why cann't Pamela type the letter?
Come in please,Bob (请求 Can you ) Bob
What's the matter,sir? (xc)
Where's Pamela?
She is beside (x),
At her office,sir (表达错误)
Can she type the（c） letter for me?
To ask her for me please (xc)
Yes,sir
Could you Type the(c) letter for boss please.Pamela?
Yes,Of course/centainly (+)
Here are you (-)the letter
Thanks,Bob
Bob!
Yes,What's the matter?
I cann't type the letter
I cann't understand the letter (xc)
Boss write(handwrting) too bad(x)

## A cup of coffee
### How does Ann like her coffee?
Do you like coffee,Ann?
Yes,I like (x)
Do you want a cup of it (-)?
Yes, give me one (ax),Christine
Do you want with(x) sugar?
Yes, a litte (x)
Do you want with(x) milk?
No,Thanks
I don't like coffee with milk (ax)
I like coffe with nothing (ax)
Do you like biscuits?
Yes,I do
Do you want one ?
Yes, please

























