## At the butcher's
### What does Mr. Bird like?
Do you want to buy some meat today, Bird?
Yes,please (语气 修改)
Do you want beef or lamb?
Beef,please
This lamb is good 
I like lamb,but my husband doesn't
Would you like a little steak?
This piece very nice(xc This is a nice piece)
Give me that piece,please
One more pound of ground meat(c)
Could you want to buy a chiken,Mrs bord?
These chikens are very good
No,thanks
My husband doesn't like chiken
To my honest(To tell you the thruth),Mss bord,i donn't like chiken either.

## A pleasant climate
### Does it ever snow in Greece
Where are you from ? (C)
I'm Greek/I come from Greece
What's the climate (+) in your country?
(+) very pleasant
What's the climate (x) (+) in  Spring?
It is often windy in Mar
It is often(C) warn in Apr and May
But it is（-）rains sometimes
What's the climate in Summer?
The weather is hot in Jun,Jul and Aug
It sun (shines) everyday
Is the  weather cold or warm in autumn? (Is it cold or warn)
It is always warn in Ste And Otc
It is often cold in Nov,It rains sometimes
Is it very cold in the winter?
It is often cold in Dec,Jan and Feb
It snows sometimes

## The Sawyer family
### When do the children do their homework?
The Sawyers live at 87 king Street.
In the morning Mr Sawyer go to the work, and the children go to the school
Their father takes them to school every day.
Mrs Sawyer stays at home every day
She does the housework.
She always eats her lunch at noon.
In the afaternoon she usually sees her friends.
They often drink tea together.
In the evening,the children come home from school.
They arrive home early
Mr Sawyler comes home from work.
He arrives home later
At night,the children always do their homework,then they go to bed
Mr. Sawyer usually reads his newspaper,at sometimes he and his wife watch televison.

## An unusual day
### What is Mr Swayer doing tonight?
It is eight o'clock
The children go to school by car every day
But today they are going to school on foot
It is ten o'clock,Mrs. Swayler usaully stays at the home in the morning .
But this morning she is going to the shops.
It is four o'clock
In the afternoon Mrs Swayer usaully drinks tea in the living room
But this afternoon she is drinking tea in the garden.
It is six o'clock ,in the evening the children usally do their homework.
But this evening they are not doing their homework
At the moment they are playing in the garden.
It is nine o'clock
Mr. Swayler usally reads his newspaper at night.
But he is not reading his newspaper at tonight.
At the moment he is reading an interesting book.

## Is that all
### Does the lady buy any chalk?
I want some 嗯播楼 please
Do you want the large size or the small size?
The large size please.
Do you have any writing paper?
Yes we do
I do not have any small pads
I only have large ones
Do you want a pad?
Yes please
And i want some 各路
A bottle of glue
And i want larege box of chalk too
I only have small boxes
Do you want one?
No thank you 
Is that all?
That all thank you 
What else do you want?
I want my change.


## A bad cold
### What's good news for Jimmy?
Where is Jimmy?
Living bed
What's the matter with him?
He feels ill
He looks ill
We must call the doctor
Yes We must
Can you remember the doctor telephone number?
Yes [It's] 09754
Open your [mouth] Jimmy How me your [tonge] say a
What's the matter with him doctor?
He has had cold Mr 威廉士 ,so he must stay in bed for a week
That's good news for Jimmy
Good news why?
Because he doesn't like school

## Thank you doctor
### Who else is in bed today? Why
How is Jimmy today?
Better thank you doctor
Can i see him please Mrs Williams?
[Certainly] doctor come [upstairs]
You look very well Jimmy
You are better now but must not get up yet
You must stay in bed for another two days
The boy must'nt go to school yet Mrs Williams
And he mustn't eat 热食 food
Does he have 康普 doctor?
No he doesn't
Must still stay in bed
Yes He must remain in bed for another two days
He can get up for about 2 hours each day,but must 
keep the room warn
Where is Mr William this evening?
He is in bed doctor
Can you see him please?
He has bad cold too.

## Not a bady
### Does Jill take the key to the front door
What are you going to do this evening Jill?
I'm going to meet some friends [Dada]
You mustn't come home [later]
You must be home at half [pass] ten
I cann't get home so early Dada
Can i have the key to the front door?
No, you cann't
Jill's [19] years,Tom
She is not a bady,give her the key
She always come home early
[Ah],all right
Here you are
But must come home after [11:15],[be you here]
Yeah Dada
Thanks Mum
That all right [Good bye]
Join yourself
We always join [ourself] Mumu
Bye-bye

## The weekend
### What are the Johnsons going to do at weekend?
Hello were you at the [butchers]?
Yes I was
Were you at the butchers too?
No,I wasn't
I was at the 【greenxxx】
How is Jimmy today?
He's very well,thank you.
Was he absent from school last week?
Yes he was
He was absent on Monday Tuesday Wensday and Thurthday
How are you all keeping?
Very well ,thank you 
We are going to spend three days in the country
We are going to stay at my mother's for the weekend
Friday Saturday and Sunday in the country
Aren't your luckly

## The car race
### Which car was the winer in 1995?
There [was] a car race near our town very year
In 1995 there was a very big race
There were [100s] people there
My wife and i were at the race
Our friends [Juli] and Jack were there too
You can see [a 信哲 clowd]
We were standing on [land]
There were [20] cars in the race
There were English Cars [Fence] cars ,[Geenmer] cars [Italy] cars [America] cars Japanese cars
It was an [excutiy] finish
The winer was BleseJohon
He was in car No[15]
Five other cars were just behind him
On the way home ,my wife said to me
Don't drive so quickly,you are not BleaseJoho

## He is awful
## How did Poli answered the telephone at nine o'clock
What is Ron masten like, Poli?
He is awfull
He telephoned me five times yesterday,and three times the day before yesterday
He telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon
My boss answered the telephone
What did your boss sad to him?
He said ,Poli is 他听 letters,she cann't speek you now
Then i arrived the home at six o'click yesterday evening
he telephoned again but i didn't answered the phone
Did he telephone [regain] last time?
Yes he did
He telephoned at nine o'clock
What did you say to him?
I said,this is poli's mother,please [then] telehone my [doctor] again 
Did he telephone again?
No he didn't


















































