# The way to King Street
## Why did the man need a [facebook]?
Last week Mrs Mills went to London
She doesn't kown London very well and she lost her way
Suddenly she saw a man near the bus stop
I can asked him the way ,I said to herself
Excuse me,she said,can you tell me the way to King Street please?
The man smilled please私立
He didn't understand English
he spoke German,he was [tourist]
Then he put his hand into his package and took out a pharsebook
He opened the book and [finded] pharse
He read the pharse slowly
I'm sorry,i don't speek English



## Uncomfortable shoes
### What's wrong with the [fanshable] shoes?
Do you have any shoes like [this]?
What size?
size five
What colour?
Black
I'm sorry ,We don't have any
But sister [bought] this pair last month
Did she buy them here?
No she bounght from the USA
We have->had some shoes like thoese a month ago ,but we don't have any now
Can you get a pair for me please?
I'm afraid i cann't 
They ware in fashion last year and the year before last
But they're not in fashion this year
These shoes are in fashin now
They look every uncomforable
They are very uncomfortable
But wenman always wear a uncomfortable shoes

## Terrible toothache
### What time of day is it do you think? how do you konw?
Good morning Mr Clofith
Good moring Mrs
I want to see the [dentish] please
Do you have a point moment?
No i don't
Is this [emgent]?
yes it is ,it is very emgent,i feel [afull]
I have a [terrible toothache]
Can you come at ten am on monday at  [aport] 24?
I must see the dentish now ,[Nouns]
The dentish is very busy at the moment.
Can you come at 2 pm
That's very late,Can the dentish see me now?
I'm afaid he cann't Mr Clofith
Cann't you wait [until] this afternoon
I can wait,but my toothache cann't

## Carol's shopping list
## What's Carol not going to buy?
What are you doing Carol?
I'm making a shopping list Tom
What do we need?
We need [look] of thing this week
I must go to the [glues]
We haven't got much tea or coffe and we haven't any suga or jiang
What about vagetables?
I must go to the green vost
We haven't got many tomato,but we've got lot of potato and must go to the boches too
We need some meat,we haven't any meat at all
have we got any beaf or wif?
No we haven't and i'm not going to get any
I hope that you've got some money
I haven't got much
Well haven't got much either

## Roast beef and potatoes
### Why is Carol [disapointed]
Hi Carol,where is Tom?
He is upstair he is having above
Tom
Yes
Sam's here
I'm 呢李[nearly] already
Hello Sam have a [secret]
No thanks Tom
Have got rest here?
Ok thanks
Is dinner ready Carol?
It's near already,we can have dinner at seven o'clock
Sam and I had lunch together today
We went a [restant] 
What did you have?
We had roast beef and potatoes
Oh
What the matter Calrol?
well,We ware going to have roast beaf and potatoes again tonight

## Going a holiday
### Where did Sam go for his holiday this year
Hello Sam come in
Hi Sam,We are having a lunch
Do you want have a lunch with us?
No thank you Tom
I've already had lunch,I had lunch at half past [twelve]
have a cup coffee then
I've just had a cup ,thank you
I had one after my lunch
let's go into to the living room Carol
We can have a coffe there
Execue the [mess] Sam
This room is very untity
We are packing our [suite case]
We are going to leave tomorrom
Tom and I are going to have a holiday
[Aren't you] luck
When are you going to have a holiday Sam?
I don't know, I've already had a holiday this year
Where did you go?
I stayed at home

## Pairs in the Spring
### At what time of year did Ken visit Pairs
Hello Ken
Hi George
Have you just bean to the semema?
Yes I have
What's on?
Pairs in the Spring
Oh,I've already seen it
I saw it on television last year
It is lod flim,but it's very good
Pairs is a beatiful city
I've nver been there
Have you even bean there Ken?
Yes I have,I was there in Apri
Pairs in the Spring a
It's was Spring,but the [weath] was awful
It rained all the time
Just like London

## A car cash
### Can the mechanics repair Mr. Wood's car
Is my car ready yet?
I don't kown sir
What's the number of you car?
It's LFZ 312G
When did you bring to us
I brought it here three days ago
Ah yes ,I remember now
Have your mechanics finished yet?
No they're still working on it
Let's go into the [garege] and have a look it
Isn't that your car?
Well,it was my car
Did you have a crash?
That is all right,I drover it into a [lamp-post]
Can your mechanics repair it?
Well they're trying repair it sir
But tell you the truth, you need a new car

## For sale
### Why couldn't Nigel decide
Good afternoon
I belive that this house is for sale
That is right
May i have look it please
Yes of course, come in
How long have you lived here?
I lived here for 20[twenty] years
Twenty years,that are long time
Yes i've hean here since 1976
Then why do you want to sell it
Because i've just [retired]
I want to buy a small house in the country
How much does this house [cost]
68500 Pouds
That's a lot of money!
It worth very penny of it
Well,i like the house,but i cann't decide yet
my wife must see at first
Wenman always have the last word

## Poor lan
### Who want to sell the house
Has Lan sold this house yet?
yes he has,he sold it last week
Has he moved his new house yet?
No,not yet ,he'is still here
He is going to move tomorrom
When? tomorrom morning?
No,tomorrom afternoon
I'm miss him
He is always beean a good [neibor]
He is very nice person,[onlisting] we all miss him
When will the people move into this house?
I think that [they'll move] the day afater tomorrow
Will you see Lan today Jenny?
Yes,I will
Please give him my [regard]
Poor lan,he didn't want to leave his house
No,i didn't want to leave,but his wife did


## Our new neighbour
### Why is Nigel a lucky man
Nigel is our new next neighbour
He is a [paila]
He was in the R.A.F
He'll fly to [NewYo] next month
He month afater he will fly to Tokye
After the moment he is in the [Screck]
He [flew] to Spain  a week ago
He will return to London the week after next
He is only 41 years old
And he has already bean nearly very country in the world
Nigel is a very lucky man
But his wife isn't very lucky
She usually stays at home

## Tickets please
### Why did George and Ken miss the train
Two return tickets to London,please
What time will the next tain leave?
At nineteen minutes past eight
Which platform?
Platform two,over the bridge
What's time will the next train leave?
At eight ninetten
We've got a plenty of time
It's only three minutes to eight
Let's go and have drink
There's a bar,next door to the station
We had better go back to the station now,Ken
Ticktes,please
We want to catch the eight nineteen to London
You just missed it
What!
It's only eight [fifteen]
I'm sorry sir
That clock's ten minutes slowly
When the next train?
In five hours's time!























































