## A small blue case
### does Mr Hall get his case back
I left suitecase on the train to London [yetday]
Can you describe it,sir?
It's a small blue case,and it's [gone also]
There is a label on the handler is my name and address on it
Is this case yours?
No,that's not mine
What about this one?
This one is [without] a label
Let me see it
What your name and address?
all eighty three brige street
That's right,DNO Hall
Three Pouds fifty [penties],please
Here you are
Thank you
Hi
What's the matter
This case doesn't belong to me
You give me a wrong case

## Ow!
### Must Andy go to see the doctor?
Ow!
What's the matter,Anndy?
[I sleep and flow down bed]
Have you hurt youself?
Yes,I have,i think i hurt my [beg]
Try to stand up,can you stand up?
Here,Let me help me
I'm sorry,Lucy
I'm afraid that i cann't get up
I think the doctor [will] to see you
I[] phone doctor's [comeso]
Doctor [said] that he will come at once
I'm sure that you need [extra],Anndy

## A card from Jimmy
### does gratherMonther seen pleased to get a card from Jimmy ,why or why not
read Jimmy's card to me please,Penny?
[I have just arrived in Scotland and i'm staying at Youth Hostel]
Eh,
He says he just arrived in Scotland
He says he's staying at yours hosptop
You kown he is [remmeber] YHA
What?
The YHA mum,the your hosptor
What then he say
I write a letter soon,i hope you all well
What? [Speak] Peeny,i'm afraid that i cann't hear you
I say he will write a letter soon
he hope we'll all well,love Jimmy
It's that all,he doesn't say very [large] , doesn't it?
I cann't write very large on the card,Num


## The French test
### How long did the exam last
How was the exam ,Rich?
Not too bad,I think i [pass] the English and [mate matiks]
The question were very easy,how about you,Cary?
The Engish and Math papers [were] easy not []for me
I hope i haven't failed
I think i failed the French pager
I couldn't answer the [sixty] of the questions
There were very easy
But i counldn't answer the [rest] [there were] too [dificult] for me
French test [awfull] [aren't there]
I [hat] them ,I'm sure i'm got no bag
Oh,check up, [hope will] them too badly
The gug next me [wirte] his name at top [] the paper
Yes
Then he [sit] there and [look] [this] for three hours
He didn't write a word

## Full of mistakes
### What was Sandra's present
Where is Sandra,Bob?
I want her
Do you want to speak her?
Yes,I do
I want her to come to my office
Tell her to come at once
Did you want to see me?
[Eh],Yes , Sandra
How do you [spoke] in [intelligent]
Can you tell me
INTELLIGENT
That's right
You [type] it with only one L
this lettler's full of mistakes
I want you to type it again
Yes,I'll do that ,[I'm sorry about that]
And there's a little present for you
What's [it]?
It's an dictionary
I hope it'll help you


## It's too small
###  What's kind of dree does the lady want?
Do you want this dress, Madam？
I like the colour very much
It's a lovely dress,but it's too small for me
What about this one?
It's a lovey dress,it's very smart
[short ago there is] fashion now
Could you like to try it?
[Oh,i'd]
I'm afraid this green dress is too small for me[,well]
It's small than the blue one
I don't like the colour [ether]
It doesn't fit me at all
I think the blue dress is prety
Could you show [other] blue dress?
I want a dress like that one ,but [it's] must been my size
I'm afraid i haven't got a large dress
It's is a [large] adress [of] shop


## A good idea
### What does [Jim] have with his coffee?
Shald i make some coffee,Jane?
What's good a idea,[Sala]
It's ready,do you want any milk?
Just a litte of this
What a about some sugar?
Two tee [soops]?
No,less than that
One and half tea soops please
That is enough for me
That was very nice
Could you like some  [mall]?
Yes,please
I like [cigurate] too,may i have one?
Of course
I think gla few in that box
I'm afraid that it's empty
[What's] a pity
It doesn't matter
Have  a [beas] [get instead of]
Eat more and [smoking] less
That a very advice

## The most expensive model
### Can Mr Fresh buy a television on  instorement,how does it work? 
I like this television very much
How much this cost?
It's the most expensive model in the shop
I's cost five [hundred] pounds
That's too expensive for us
We can't offer more that money
[It's] model less expensive than that one
It's only three hundred pounds
But of course it's not [good than] the expensive one
[Not like this model]
The other model's more expensvie ,but it's worth [some] money
Can we buy it on [storement]?
Of course,you can pay at department of 13 pounds
And then fourteen pounds a month for three years
Do you like it,dear?
I certainly do ,but don't like the price
[New always want this,but we cann't offer it]
Sometimes you think you are a millionaire
M doesn't buy things on [storement]

## Small change
### Who has got some small change?
[face],please
[two photogram],please
I'm sorry,sir,I cann't change ten pound note
Haven't you got any small change?
I have got no small change,i'm afraid
I'll ask some of passgenders
Have you any change,sir?
I'm sorry,i've got none
I haven't got any either
Can you change this ten poud note,Mandam
I'm afraid i cann't
[nine,i cann't]
I'm very sorry ,sir
You must get off the bus
None of passengers can change this note
There are all minllionaire
[] I've got some small change []

## knock,knock
### What does Jane have to drink?
Isn't anyone at honme?
[On look again],Hallen
Everything is very [quite]
I'm sure that none one at home
But that is impossible
[Carren told me by see them at lunch]
Look [to] the window
Can you see [any]?
Nothing at all
Let's try to backdoor
Look,every one in the  gargen
Hello Hallen,Hello Jane
Every body [want] to have a lunch in the gargen
[This is nice and more here]
Come and have something to drink
Thanks Carren
May i have glass bear [to me]?
Bear,[there are less]
You can have some pml
Pml?
Don't belive her,Jane
She is only Joking
Have some bear

## Tommy's breakfast
### What do she mean by change in the last [statement]
When my husband was going into the dinnerroom this morning
He droped some [coions] on the [flooder]
There are coions verywhere
We looked for them,but we could not [found] them all
While we're having breakfast
Our little boy,Tommy,found two small coions on the floor
He put them both into his mouth
We both [try] to get the coions,but it was too later
Tommy had already [fl] them
Later that morning when i was doing housework
My husband phoned me from the office
How's Tommy? he asked
I don't kown,I answered
Tommy bean the toilet three times this morning,but i haven't had [the] change yet

## A true story
### Who call that to the [theifves] in the dark
Do you like the story?
I want to tell you a true story
It hanpened to a friend of mine a year ago
One of my friend,George,was reading in bed
Two thieves [climped] his [chiken]
After they had [into] the hourse they went into the [dinnerroom]
It was hard,so they truned on a [touch]
Suddenly [there had] a vocie behind them
What's up,What's up ,some called
The thieves down th torch and [run] a away as quitely as they could
George [head] the [noise] and [came]  downstairs [quitely]
He turned on the light,but he couldn't see anyone
The thieves had already gone
But George's [paret] Hary was so bad
What's up George,he called
Nothing Hary,George said in smiled
Go back to sleep



























 
















