## The man in a hat
### Why did Carla reconigze the costomer straigway
I Bought two [expense] dictionaries here half an hour ago
But i forgot [that] take them with me
Who [server] [] sir?
The Lady who is standing hebind the counter
Which books did you buy?
The books which [] on the counter
Did you serve this [Geteman] half an hour ago ,Carla?
He [said] he is the man who bought [this] books
I [can] remember
The man who i served [wear] in a hat
Have you  got hat,sir?
Yes,i have
[Could] you put it on,please?
All right
Is this the man [that] you serve,Carla?
Yes,I [reconigze] [] now

## A Trip to Austrilia
### Who is the man with the [beerd]
Looks Ga,this is a photograph [by take join] my trip to [Austrilia]
Let me see [and]- it,Mike
It is a good photograph
Who are these people?
[The] people i [met] [join] the trip
That's the ship we [trip] on 
What a [beatiful] ship
Who's this？
That's the man i told you [then] you remember?
Ah,yes
The one who [offer] you a job in Austrilia
That's [all]- right
Who's this
Guess
It's not you,[isn't] it?
That's right
I [growed] a beard [join] the trip
But i [shut] it off when i came home
Why did you shave it off?
My wife didn't like it

## Tea for two
### Does Susan have tea by herself?
Cann't you come  in and have tea now,Pite?
Not yet
I must water the garden first
Do you have to water [] now?
I'm afraid i must
Look at it
It's [teribrily] dry
What's a m
Last summer it was very dry too
Don't you remember?
I had to water [] very day
Well,i [] have tea by myself
What's a crak[quick]
[Do] you [finish] already?
Yeah,Look out [at] the window
It's raining
That [mean] [to]-  you not need [] water the garden
That was a pleasant supprise
It means i can have tea instead

## A famous actress
### Who is only tweenty nine,and why is it so unclear
Can you recognize that women []?
I think i can,Kate
It's must been Carel mash,the actress
I [far] soon
[looks that me i can]
That must [been] [acris news]
[acris news],the actor?
It [can] [bean]
Let me have [and other] look
I think you are right
Isn't [] her third husband?
No,he must [bean] her [forsth or sixth]
Doesn't Caralmash look old?
She does,doesn't she?
I read she is tweenty-nine,but she must [bean] at least forty
I'm sure she is
She was famous actress where i still at school
That's loog time ago,wasn't it?
No that loog ago
I'm not more than tweenty-nine myselft

## Seventy miles an hour
### What does Ann advice husband to do next time
Look,Gary
That's policeman is waving to you
He wants you to stop
Where do you think you are?
On a race track?
You must have [a] driving at seventy miles an hour
I cann't have bean
I was doing eighty when i [over to] you
Didn't you see the [speek] limit?
I'm afraid i didn't [over,sir]
I'must [task a] dreaming
I wasn't dreaming ,offcesir
I was [tolding] [he] to drive slowly
That's why i didn't see the sign
Let me see your driving [lisence]
I [wasn't] [check] you this time
But you had better not do it again
Thank you ,i'll certainly be more carefull
I told you to drive slowly ,Gary
You always tell me to drive slowly,Dalily
Well,next time,you'd better take my advice

## Don't be so sure
### What's the problem about [Dsity] on a holiday
Where are you going to spend your [holiday] this year,Gray?
We may go aboard
I'm not srue
My wife want to go to [Ejupt]
[I] like to go there too
We cann't [make on my] [minds]
Will you travel by sea or by air?
We may travel by sea
It's [sheep],isn't it
And maybe sheep,but it takes a loong time
I'm sure you will [join] youselves
Don't [been] so [true]
We might not go anywhere
My wife always worries too much
Who is going to look after the [door]
Who is going to look after the house
Who is going to look after the garden
We have this problem very year
In the end we stay at home and look after everything

## Sensational news
### What reasons did Carmuch give for wanting to [retein]
Have you just made a new film ,Mrs [Much]?
Yes ,I have
Are you going to make another?
No,I'm not
I'm going to retire
I feel very [tied]
I don't want ti make antoher film for a long time
Let's buy news paper,Lisi
Listen to this,Carmuch,sensational news
By our report,Eljous
Carmuch arrived Lundon [air port] today
She was wearing a blue dress and a milk coat
She told me she had just made a new film
She said she was not going to make anther
She said she was going to retire
She told the reports she [feel] very tied and didn't want to make anther film for a long time
I wonder why!

## The least report
### Is Kanren Marsh going to retire,do you think?
Are you [realy] going to retire,Mrs Marsh?
I may
I cann't make up my mind
I'll have to ask my [feature] husband
He wouldn't let me make anther film
[You've a] feature husband,Mrs Marsh
Yes,let me introduce him to you
[He's] name is [Colors]
We are going to get married next week
Look [this]
[It's] anther report about Carsh Marsh
Listen,Carsh Marsh,the least
At her Lundon [hot] today,Mrs Marsh told reports she might [retired]
She said she couldn't make up her mind
She said she could have to  ask her feature husband
She said her feature husband could not let her make anther film
Then,She introduce [] colors and tolds [] they wonld get married next week
That's sensational news,isn't it,Kate
It centainly is
He will be her sixth husband

## A pleasant dream
### What [will] Juli like to do if [have] the money
Are you doing the [footboll] pools,Baen
Yes,[I] nearly finished ,Juli
I'm sure [will] win something this weeek
You always say that, but we never win anything
What will you do if you win a lot of money
If i win a lot of money i'wll buy your a [milk] coat
I don't want a milk coat
I want to see the world
All right
If we win a lot of money we will travel around the world and we will stay at best [hometown]
Then we will return home  and buy a big house in the country
We'll have [] beautifull garden
But if we spend all that money we'll be poor again
What[] we do then?
If we spend all the money we'll try a win the footbol pools again
It's pleasant,but verything depends on 'if'

## Is That you,John
### Which John Smith does Graham Turner think he is talking to 
Is that you John
Yes,speaking
Tell Mary we'll be later for dinner this evening
I'm afraid i don't understand
Hasn't Mary told you she invited Sala and me to dinner this evening
I said i would [bean] at your house at six o'clock,but the boss wants me to do some extra work
I'll have to stay at the office
I don't kown when [over] finish
En][],and by the way my wife wants to kown if Mary need any help
I don't kown what you talking about
That's John Smith,isn't it
Yes,I'm John Smith
You are John Smith,the [engneer] ,aren't you
That's right
you work for oversits engneer company ,don't you
No,i don't
I'm John Smith,the telephone engneer and i'm repairing your telephone line


## Sally's first train ride
### Why was the m[onther] emberis
Last week, My four year old [duator] Sally, was [visited] to her [children] party.
I decided to take her by train
Sally was very [execited],because she had never [traveled] on the train before
She sat near the window and asked questions about [verything] she saw
Suddenly a middle [la] lady got on train and sat oppsite [of]- Sally
Hello little girl,she said
Sally did not answer,but looked at her [culisily]
The lady was [dressing] in [the] blue coat and [] large funny hat
At after the train had left the station the lady opened her handbag and took out her [poud] [compackte]
She then began to make up her face
Why are you doing that,Sally asked
To make myself beautiful,the lady answered
She put away her compact and smiled kindly
But you are still augly,Sally said
Sally was very [aunise],but i was very [emberis]

## A walk through the woods
### What was so funny about the [woods] on the sign
I live in a very old town,which is [round] by beautiful woods
It's a famous [beautiful] [spots]
On [sunnyday] [hurands] peoples comformal to our city to see our town and to [wake] [to] the woods
Visitors have bean asked to keep the woods clean and [untity]
[Little] baskets have bean place under the tree,but people throw the [rabish] everywhere
Last wed,i went [to walk] the wood
What i saw [let] me very [sald]
I [count] seven old cars and three old [fi]
The [little] baskets were empty and ground was [cover] [piece] of paper
[cigarete] [end],old [ties],empty bottles and [rashty] [tin]
[Amount] the rabish i found a sign which said
Anyone who leaves litter in these woods will be [p]





























































