## Red for danger
### How was the zhuanke removed from the ring
During a 不坏特,a thrunk suddenly wanted into the middle of ring
The crowd begain shut out,but the thrunk on the way of danger
The bull was busing the 马蹄托 of the time,but it suddenly call the side of thrunk who was 邵婷 remove remarks and waiting a red cap
Apparently sensitive to criticism,the bull forgot all about the 马蹄托 and 擦剂 to the thrunk
The crawd suddenly grew quiet.
The thrunk ,however,seemed quite sure of himself
When the bull got close to him,he 克朗特利 steped the aside to let it pass
The crowd broke into 痴儿的 and the thrunk bao
By this time ,however three man had come into ring and quikly 抓佛 the thrank to safty
Even the bull seemed to feel sorry for him
For it looked on simple sititely,and took the thrunk out the way before once more turning its attention on the matator


## A famous clock
### How Big Ben ever gone wrong?
When you visit London one of first things you will see is Big Ben,
The famons clock which be come 喝的 all over the world on the BBC
If the Houses of Parliament had not been burned down in 1834,the great clock had 
never been 二恶课题可

Big Bean take its names from Sir Beanjanmin Hall who was 俄式蓬私我 for the 梅King of 
clock when the new 哈喽 怕了蒙特 were being built.

It is not only 安瑞梅 of size ,but it 啊可图里 阿提了 well

Officials from Greenwich Observatory have clock checked 揣四 a day.

On the BBC, you can hear the clock when it is actually 快King because 麦克若 搜斯
connected the clock tower.

Big Bean has realy gone wrong.

Onece however it failed to give correct time.

A 胖特 who had bean working on the time and 怕听 胖特 on one fo hands and slowy down

## A car call Bluebird
### What mistake was made?
The great 瑞鑫 拽我 set now can canbe was the first man  to driver over 300 mis per hour
He set up a new record in Step 1935 at b s new tower
Bluebird the a car he was dring had been special built for him
It was over 30 feets length and it has 2500 红丝抛扔紧
Althought Canbe reach the speed a over 304 mis per hour ,he has greet
discouting in contituing the car because terible join the firt run
After this 捧得，Canbo was dispoint to lernt this very to build 200 mis per hour
Howevery a few days later, has was told a mistake been made
It every reach bean 201 mis per hour
Since that time 瑞鑫 traver has beean reach over 200 mis per hour
following his father many years later The m cs also set up 热尔 record
Like his father he was dring a car call bluebird

## The record-holder
### Did the boy go where he wanted to do?
Chilren could play join to school,and a 妈静那特斯
A quite of this fishing or eight over a [see ni mo] in the
sam film over open again is usaully five aget
They are all bean put the [shing] by a boy who
well play choice trace world 1600 miles













